OSDOCS-16948#CQA work Stor4 - CSI Azure Disk driver (#114297)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/persistent-storage-csi-azure-disk-overview.adoc

//
// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * storage/container_storage_interface/persistent-storage-csi-azure.adoc
//

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="persistent-storage-csi-azure-disk-overview_{context}"]

> = Overview

Reviewer: Should be more descriptive: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#assemblymodule-titles-and-section-headings

[role="_abstract"]
{product-title} is capable of provisioning persistent volumes (PVs) using the Container Storage Interface (CSI) driver for Microsoft Azure Disk Storage.

> Familiarity with persistent storage and configuring CSI volumes is recommended when working with a CSI Operator and driver. For more information about these topics, see _Understanding persistent storage_ and _Configuring CSI volumes_ under _Additional resources_.

Reviewer: I'm not sure, but "Under" feels like it could be odd with a screen reader. 

```suggestion
Familiarity with persistent storage and configuring CSI volumes is recommended when working with a CSI Operator and driver. For more information about these topics, see _Understanding persistent storage_ and _Configuring CSI volumes_ in the _Additional resources_ section.
```
